Create Blog “spoiler-alert-user-research-is-like-a-movie” (#10)
xmartlabs/xl-blog: blogs/spoiler-alert-user-research-is-like-a-movie.mdx

---
title: "Spoiler alert: User research is like a movie"
permalink: user-research-process

> heading: I have two types of friends, the ones who don’t care for or even enjoy
>   spoilers, and the ones (like me) who hate them.
> subheading: Read on to discover how this also adapts to the user research that

Author: ```suggestion
subtitle: I have two types of friends, the ones who don’t care for or even enjoy
  spoilers, and the ones (like me) who hate them. Read on to discover how this also adapts to the user research that goes into building a digital product.
```
